# 1 minute timebox per person
# Anything goes
# Did you notice anything?
# Is there anything you'd like to change?

## Llewellyn

- Jay doesn't like `.` in front of file log
- Don't know if we're actually appending vs. overwriting file
- duplication of file name
- get_approved_file_log is in the wrong place

## Joss

- An uncluttered mind
- Needed refresher on what was going on
- When I'm about to be talker, I appreciate a brief recap of the next 1-2 steps
- Can ask for direction at start of talking turn

## Diana

- appreciate Jay being open about how we mod today
- work at a different level of detail to accomodate the mob
- changing the way doing things normally for the sake of the current context

## Nitsan

- Appreciate that we're working on this "abandoned files" goal
- Timer - can't see next - hidden
   - There are other timers
   - We could try one

## Jay

- understand what we're doing; clear today
- "." - these mean different things depending on OS
- alternatives are: "_"
- uncomfortable with someone calling while driving

